The directory includes data and R (version 4.5.2) programming code related to the master's thesis "Where Does Politics Shape the Individual? Trust in Science and Scientists across Political Regimes and Educational Cohorts before and during Covid-19" (author - Artem Savostianov, supervisor - Jesper Lindqvist) and can be used exclusively for replicating the results obtained in the thesis. This work uses third-party data, references to which are provided in the main text of the paper.For ease of access to the modeling results, the directory contains the "All thesis files.RData" file, which contains all the variables and dataframes used in the analysis in an unpacked format. Alternatively, the “thesis_main file.R” file contains functions for loading and processing all necessary data. The original datasets are also included in the directory, namely:1. “wgm2018-dataset-crosstabs-all-countries.xlsx” – Wellcome Global Monitor Dataset for survey wave 2018,2. “wgm2020.csv” –Wellcome Global Monitor for survey wave 2020,3. “V-Dem-CY-Core-v16.csv” – V-Dem Institute dataset is the source of the Liberal Democracy Index and the Regimes of the World classification,4. “GDPpc.csv” – dataset for GDP per capita (control variable),5. “taiwan_gpd_pc.xls” – dataset for GDP per capita for Taiwan (IMF based)6. “infant_mortality_un.csv” – dataset of Infant Mortality Rate (not used as a control variable due to high multicollinearity with GDP per capita),7. “pip.csv” – dataset containing data on the Gini Index (control variable),8. “r_d.csv” – dataset containing data on R&D expenditure (control variable),9. “v_dem_full.csv” – V-Dem Institute dataset used to obtain data on the Control of Corruption indicator (control variable).The code, which is related to modeling and presenting results using tables and figures, is divided into 5 separate files with the “.R” extension. There are the following:1. “data_methods.R” – contains code for replicating Table 4.1 and Figure 4.1 from the “Data & Methodology” chapter,2. “logit models.R” contains code for building OLR model specifications (sections 5.1 and 5.2),3. “gam_hybrid_models.R” contains code for building GAM and GAM Hybrid specifications (sub-section 5.2.3 and section 5.3),4. “tables and figures results. R” includes code for replicating all the figures and tables used in the resulting chapter (chapter 5),5. “appendix table.R” similarly includes code for replicating the figures and tables in the Appendix of this paper.  